Release blogpost for v11 (#782)
rescript-association/rescript-lang.org: _blogposts/2024-01-11-release-11-0-0.mdx

```sh
npm install rescript@11
```

As this release is packed, please refer to the following blogposts for a detailed breakdown of each of the main new features:

- [Better interop with customizable variants](/blog/improving-interop)
- [Enhanced Ergonomics for Record Types](/blog/enhanced-ergonomics-for-record-types)
- [First-class Dynamic Import Support](/blog/first-class-dynamic-import-support)
- [Uncurried Mode](/blog/uncurried-mode)

Furthermore, there are a lot of smaller improvements of which we want to state only a few here.

### More types eligible for type coercion

The `:>` (type coercion) operator now supports a few more datatypes, check out its [Syntax Lookup](/syntax-lookup#type-coercion) page.

### Build System

The watcher can now be called with just `rescript -w`. Also `rescript build` will always build with dependencies by default so the argument `-with-deps` is not needed anymore.

### rescript.json

The compiler config file has been renamed to `rescript.json`. Since the rebrand from `BuckleScript` to `ReScript`, the `bs-` names make no sense anymore. Later on, we will also rename some of the config attributes, like `bs-dependencies`.

### Relaxed Suffix Rules

> You can now freely choose the suffix of the generated JS files. For instance instead of `.bs.js` you can now use `.res.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now freely choose the suffix of the generated JS files. We recommend `.res.js`/`.res.mjs` which is also what our official templates in `create-rescript-app` are using.
```

### Opening files from current project globally

It's now possible to have a module opened by default that is just part of the current project. Previously, this only worked with dependencies or namespaced projects. For example, a file with the path `src/Utils.res` can be added to `bsc-flags` like so:

```json
{
  "bsc-flags": ["-open Utils"]
}
```

## Ecosystem

### Rescript Core

[ReScript Core](https://github.com/rescript-association/rescript-core) is ReScript's new standard library. It replaces the complete `Js` module as well as some of the more frequently used modules from `Belt` and is recommended to use with uncurried mode.

> The latest docs on [rescript-lang.org](/) already use it for the examples, but please bear in mind that the [API docs](/docs/manual/latest/api) are not updated to it yet. This will happen soon though.

Reviewer 2: @fhammerschmidt Core Docs merged https://rescript-lang.org/docs/manual/latest/api/core

## Compiler

As this release is packed, please refer to the following blogposts for a detailed breakdown of each of the main new features:

- [Better interop with customizable variants](/blog/improving-interop)
- [Enhanced Ergonomics for Record Types](/blog/enhanced-ergonomics-for-record-types)
- [First-class Dynamic Import Support](/blog/first-class-dynamic-import-support)
- [Uncurried Mode](/blog/uncurried-mode)

## Ecosystem

### Create-ReScript-App

Previously, the rescript binary was able to initialize new projects itself. But it was required to have a global npm install to use it. This functionality has been removed.

Going forward, create-rescript-app is the new recommended way to setup a new project. It can even be used to quickly add ReScript to an existing project. Have a look at the updated [installation instructions](/docs/manual/latest/installation) for how to use it.

### ReScript-React v0.12

In tandem with the new ReScript release, a new version of ReScript-React is released as well. Check out the [corresponding docs](/docs/react/latest/installation).

> ### Rescript Core

Author: It's part of the Ecosystem, so I guess you want it to be the first part of it. 🙂

### ReScript-React v0.12

> In tandem with the new ReScript release, a new version of ReScript-React is released as well. Check out the [corresponding docs](/docs/react/latest/installation).

Reviewer 2: [`React.lazy_`](https://github.com/rescript-lang/rescript-react/blob/a8a4a2f2468b8bcc837c6fb6c5cb141c32531e5e/src/React.res#L133-L135)
